hi this is eugene Cachola i'm originally
from Ukraine but now live in New York
City well I grew up until I was ten year
I moved to the United States when I was
ten years old I came from Ukraine I'm a
single child so I guess that's somewhat
lucky and somewhat not I have I have a
little baby sister now so I'm very happy
yeah my dad remarried and I have a 20
month old sister so she's adorable so I
love her the sum at least I'm happy so I
have a sibling evenly from 30 years all
over her it was hard when I first came
to the country I didn't know the
language very well so it took me a
couple of years to get acquainted and
then I think I really i clearly remember
maybe about this when I was here for
what may I was like twelve twelve years
old or 13 years old I like I woke up one
day and I was thinking in English she
was really weird and I think from there
on akai kind of got easier and easier
and an English became natural of man you
know it's easier for me to speak English
now then there's the speed rush
there was a lot of immigrants in New
York I draw from Brooklyn so basically
well you know the whole school was
immigrants they were to me it was funny
to me even the car the concept of being
an American was like foreign there were
no Americans in my school it was you
know kids from all over the world
basically you know like Russians Italian
Spanish Mexicans and just you know you
name it they were there and you and I
just remember even like I met someone
somewhere and then they were like I'm
American I'm like well what do you mean
like war no but really what are you like
like that was so foreign to me like how
could you be American it was it was
really funny weird so I get it now so
those you know it was nice i grew up in
like I guess a multicultural place so I
got to experience all different types of
people
I didn't know actually I knew I wanted
to be something in business I didn't
know exactly what it was I knew I knew
it wasn't gonna be like a doctor a
lawyer that's not that wasn't me it was
something business-related so i remember
when i went that's why i went i tried to
go to i tried to major in finance and
college went when I when I went to
school when I went to NYU so but even
even in school even in college I didn't
know what it is I wanted to do and then
I was introduced to trading and and a
friend of mine was a really good trader
and I really enjoyed the gap I guess
that was the first time I was actually
exposed to like kind of gambling I was
like because there's obviously gambling
involved in training as well smart
gambling so and I was like wow this is
exciting I think this is what I'd like
to do and I was kind of veering towards
that after I graduated I started doing
that and then I quickly fell into poker
as well which is very similar yeah well
i started playing poker immediately
after i finished and why you actually
media thing after i graduated that
summer just with friends and i think i
started trading at about the same time
so it was kind of together like I was
kind of doing to get both together and
you know i was doing fairly well in both
growing in each in each and then at some
point you know a couple years down the
road i realized that even the choose one
I couldn't I couldn't do both like it's
just too hard game
to be like a successful like hedge fund
guy you really need to put in the time
and there's no time for broker and poker
the same thing